stable-2.14.2 (#11539)
linkerd/linkerd2: CHANGES.md

can result in Linkerd proxies sending traffic to stale endpoints. In addition,
it contains a bug fix for profile resolutions for pods bound on host ports and
includes patches for security advisory [CVE-2023-44487]/GHSA-qppj-fm5r-hxr3

* Control Plane
  * Fixed an issue where the Destination controller could stop processing
    changes in the endpoints of a destination, if a proxy subscribed to that
    destination stops reading service discovery updates. This issue results in
    proxies attempting to send traffic for that destination to stale endpoints
    ([#11491], fixes [#11480], [#11279], [#10590])
  * Fixed an issue where the Destination controller would not update pod
    metadata for profile resolutions for a pod accessed via the host network
    (e.g. HostPort endpoints) ([#11334])
  * Addressed [CVE-2023-44487]/GHSA-qppj-fm5r-hxr3 by upgrading several
    dependencies (including Go's gRPC and net libraries)

* Proxy
  * Fixed a regression where the proxy rendered `grpc_status` metric labels as
    a string rather than as the numeric status code ([linkerd2-proxy#2480];
    fixes [#11449])
  * Fixed a regression introduced in stable-2.13.0 where proxies would not

>     terminate unusred service discovery watches, exerting backpressure on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    terminate unused service discovery watches, exerting backpressure on the
```

>     Destination controller which could cause it to become stuck
>     ([linkerd2-proxy#2484])

Reviewer 2: slightly clearer with a comma?

```suggestion
    Destination controller, potentially causing it to become
    stuck ([linkerd2-proxy#2484])
```
